welcome to your mom's house
with this with this weekend or with this
this show there's so many things to talk
about you know one of the great things
that happen was this weekend Oh God are
we gonna talk about this already the
only we should I think it's a pretty
good idea no Jesus here's your boy
can i thanks for coming out to flappers
guys what a fun weekend and bourbon
that's your boy DJ dad Mouse I saw so
did you make the horn sounds without you
actually DJ yes and then you went and
the nice critic did it kind of you know
like this is my first time yeah yeah
sure what man how'd it feel felt amazing
I've never had so much joy great I even
texted you a picture of myself
I know smiling ear-to-ear saying I can't
sleep I'm just thinking about my DJing
career
cuz I canceled all the rest of my
stand-up dates for the year so here's
what happened I'm in I'm in leave you
know yeah doing shows and I see on
Twitter somebody tagged me in a tweet I
was so cool that Tom Segura and Hannibal
Buress are in Cleveland at the same time
so I look at Hannibal's page and he's
doing a pop-up show like I have two
shows tonight maybe I can get him to
come over on the early show so I send
him a text I said are you are you in
town do you want to come and pop into a
guest spot on my early show and he says
sure so he comes by the the club and he
has his DJ he does he has a DJ that he
brings to all his shows right Tony trim
who's a great guy and I just met that
that night
I love Hannibal by the way I haven't
seen him in a minute and it was great so
first of all I have a video of him
hitting the stage what's the djs named
tony trim tony trim yeah
DJ's why do all DJ's have like the
coolest personality he's the coolest guy
I know
they all are yeah you didn't want to
hang out with him for sure DJ scratch
starting from scratch no hyung oh that
guy's bad there are the coolest
dudes cuz we what they like you know
they love music so I mean they love and
they like having a good time there DJ
yeah and they're kind of down to earth
because I feel like DJing it's a real
humble gig in the beginning much like
stand-up
which is why they usually you click with
them yeah it's the same grassroots
effort does anyone want to hear me DJ
yeah you asshole and it's 10 years
yes really good good I love your scratch
that's really do you scratch it with two
hands oh yeah a big record okay two
hands so anyways I these guys both see
me getting really excited oh no no I'm
jumping ahead Campbell does a guest spot
I have a video of him hitting the stage
that place erupted I mean it was like
you announced guess what George Carlin
isn't dead he's right here like they
went crate which was cool to
watch yeah and he said that it was great
and also I should say bill Squire was on
the shows the full charge coming back to
the west coast captain did me a favor
doing those shows so it was great
so anyways then panel was like I'm going
to do my show on the other side of town
other side of town meaning six seven
miles away and he says if you want
afterwards I'm having I'm throwing an
after-party and this is he does this in
a lot of cities like finds a place after
his show and has a party and you know
obviously DJ his DJ doesn't just do his
live show he does the after-party you
want to come I go sure and then he texts
me I'll let you DJ a few songs oh my god
did your dick just explode off your
mouth was like I started texting him
love letters I was like yeah this is a
man sorry how to handle know that you
were interested in DJ he just knows I
mean we've we've talked about music
before but then he saw I mean right
there I was like asking the DJ all about
equipment okay so he was watching you he
was watching us yeah it may I say for
the record Hannibal Buress is the type
of gentleman who should have your ass
yes a DJ opening friend like he's a cool
it's cool dude yeah it's a mellow dude I
can see him being like part of his his
STIs you know well we were talking about
it how when when Tony's not available I
was like is that the word he's like yeah
absolutely because I like the vibe that
it said to our show and you know that
I'm asking a sound guy can you do this
and they never do yeah it's like it's
the most impossible request well like
this weekend it flip airs I did my shows
in there great thank you for asking and
I requested a song how are you shows
that repairs they were amazing really
yeah super super fun you had I hope
Marilyn Rice cub of who I love day
it's my homie yeah anyways I asked the
do you know the DJ can you just bring me
out till like John Spencer Blues
Explosion whoo okay the song is called
two kinds of what's that
and then how far in should I start like
dude just make it good yeah
you're the DJ yeah you right you
should know these things
and you know what that's your one
job can I hire this guy right yeah all
right DJ Dan mouth could open me I just
can I compliment you and you're
like you got down what DJ's do like the
pointing and the course you know it's
all coming together that's still that
looks it's like master flex
right there you do look like you could
be a DJ though I'm going to be a DJ
right no I am going to DJ's yeah yeah
yeah no no I can I can hear the sarcasm
you know what's response what's great
about a garage is that it's really
soundproof yeah let me finish down there
this is the best news ever so then I get
a message from him so he's like you know
come come hang out and you're like okay
I'm gonna come I have two shows I have a
show that starts at you know 9:30 10:00
I'm gonna go and you're like I'm gonna
go but you're it's still like I gotta
get in a car go across town I get
offstage and Hannibal's know we're gonna
do the after-party at the club that
you're at at the comedy club ah even
better sound like that's the that's what
you want to go anywhere yeah don't I
think better would be like it's in your
hotel yeah so so he shows up with Tony
they you know he's set up in the lounge
people are hanging out having drinks he
sets up and then I go up there and I go
kind of get like a little tutorial they
each are showing me stuff but Tony's
like give me kind of a crash course and
you know he's like oh you're not
intimidated by a button then I go I
think actually doing this show that's
gonna say I got you know I'm always
playing drops adjusting things and right
is this similar to what it's not
mayonnaise use it's not down board they
have a board there that you know I think
he was plugged into it's just that
his actual it's you know to basically
two turntables and a microphone yeah and
a mixer it's all he has an all-in-one
board
it's just that remembering oh this does
this and that does that that I can
memorize that and not be like what is
all this
right away I don't know what I'm doing
but I'm saying electronic devices that
have different functions don't make me
go I'm not doing anything with it yeah
it's not as daunting it's not as
daunting so I'm starting to learn the
thing you know the very basics I'm
starting to I have him take a picture
and video I sent it to you and then
we're laughing so hard at your responses
because your responses are like no you
should be embarrassed like so so
demeaning
so gay yeah sorry there's so of
you okay you can't say game yeah it's
just like and then I keep telling them
I'm like I keep shouting the message
isn't him like that I just enjoy this he
was like dude I'm gonna give you free
Skype lessons I'm gonna get you in it
what's this guy's name
Tony trim thanks Tony for the free
lessons via Skype um what are you doing
to my life having fun we're having fun
god damnit so anyways I had an absolute
blast doing that yeah I have ordered no
yes I ordered the same equipment he has
okay
how much of an investment is this it's
under $15,000 okay well sorry little
jeans you don't need diapers dad's got a
scratch board your baby doesn't need a
formula or clothes
dad's scratching this weekend and yeah
Cleveland it's pretty good so no it's
absolutely not expensive actually you
would you would be surprised yeah
seriously
I don't need to know you don't need to
know I need to fill me in we don't talk
about this yeah it's far less than
laptop oh that's cool yeah so it's not
it's not a crazy it's like buying a
keyboard sure you know why because it's
one of those things where
as time progressed and it made it easier
for people to access things it drove the
price of things way that is everything
yeah
now this may be a dumb question but do
the DJ's use records anymore it's all
you can there I mean you can as this is
plugged in with a computer Wow so you go
to your iTunes yeah you're like yeah so
then how do they blend the two songs
together how do you do that that's part
of the that's all there's a mixer in the
board I feel like I'm a thousand years
it has a built-in horn drop as long as
you do the horn drop fine yeah and it
also has gunshots but here's what I'm
really I'm not I'm I'm gonna come out
and say it right now okay I feel like
hey I'm gonna put it it's gonna be
obviously in the garage it's gonna be
something I do recreationally for fun
when I get to the point where I'm not
like obviously gonna be a professional
DJ but when I get to the point where I
have a a decent command of how to you
know get songs playing moving together
like I have some command of this board I
am going to do a show somewhere I don't
know what city will be and then I'm
going to have an after-party where I'm
gonna bring that and we're gonna
alright the live party I think you
should do it DJ dad mouth DJ dad Manning
- DJ dad mother is it time to buy I
think I feel like dad mouth is who I am
yeah I feel like I feel like that's the
right dj name for me yeah unless it's a
huge shout out to your mom's house
listeners which let's face it will be
your only audience in the beginning yeah
until you really build that Ibiza
following are you going to be fun to
Ibiza every time yeah Miami like that'll
be on the you know on the leg of it I
feel like it'll be kind of like
Spokane's Syracuse he'd be fast samba
those are huge DJ no you have to go to
Miami to like I gotta start I got a book
a Miami gig ASA Miami and then you got
to do Vegas that's where all the DJ's
room and you love Vegas that's the cool
thing is now you get to go to all your
favorite cities Las Vegas Miami the best
thing about it
if I do a Miami gig is that I can do the
gig and be like hey my DJ set starts at
midnight and Miami is like that's what
time I'm waking up yeah sure
let me tell you something what I love
about this deejaying gig is that it
really combines everything you love in
life which is staying up late yeah late
nights hanging out with tons of
strangers yeah
loud music yeah your favorite places
like Vegas Miami these are all things
that just say Tom Segura exclusively
lights just like that whole rowdy sort
of I see you there that is your lane
yeah so you've really found a good Lane
okay just stay with it I never seemed so
happy ever see me happy
and then you tweeted yeah when I tweeted
this out I hate seeing you so happy
yeah I give you uh-huh I give you two or
three of these before you're like I
don't know two or three what gigs here's
here's my prediction DJ dad mouth after
two shows on a late night Saturday and
you're like I got this thing lined up to
DJ and then after on 12:30 midnight
after you've done your tune two and a
half three hours of stand up yeah Austin
you've flown across the country and
you've been up doing press that morning
at 5:00 a.m. you're gonna be dreading it
and then you know you'll do it and
you'll be like I wish I don't have a
DJ tonight wait till you see the
crowds I have just like just jumping and
singing and dancing it's gonna be crazy
I can't wait